README.md, before:

# Reddit Data Scraper 📊

<img width="2047" alt="Screenshot 2025-03-13 at 06 54 43" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/67b6bc9c-958a-46f4-893f-e433ac3c939e" />

[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.9+-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org)
[![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-1.29.0-FF4B4B.svg)](https://streamlit.io)
[![PRAW](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRAW-7.7.1-orange.svg)](https://praw.readthedocs.io)
[![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-2.1.1-150458.svg)](https://pandas.pydata.org)

A powerful Reddit data scraping tool with a user-friendly Streamlit interface. Extract posts and comments from subreddits or specific posts with ease.

## 🚀 Features

- 📱 User-friendly web interface
- 🔍 Scrape posts from any subreddit
- 💬 Extract comments from specific posts
- 📊 Export data to CSV
- ⏱️ Time-based filtering
- 🔄 Caching for better performance

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Python** - Core programming language
- **Streamlit** - Web interface framework
- **PRAW** - Reddit API wrapper
- **Pandas** - Data manipulation and analysis
- **python-dotenv** - Environment variable management

## 📋 Prerequisites

- Python 3.9 or higher
- Reddit API credentials ([Get them here](https://www.reddit.com/prefs/apps))

## ⚙️ Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/pakagronglb/reddit-scraper.git
cd reddit-scraper
```

2. Create a virtual environment:
```bash
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
```

3. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

4. Set up environment variables:
Create a `.env` file in the project root:
```env
REDDIT_CLIENT_ID=your_client_id
REDDIT_CLIENT_SECRET=your_client_secret
REDDIT_USER_AGENT=your_user_agent
```

## 🚀 Usage

1. Start the application:
```bash
streamlit run main.py
```

2. Access the web interface at `http://localhost:8501`

3. Choose your scraping option:
   - **Subreddit Posts**: Enter subreddit name, post limit, and time filter
   - **Specific Post**: Enter the Reddit post URL

4. Click "Scrape" and download the results as CSV

## 🌐 Deployment

### Streamlit Cloud

1. Push your code to GitHub
2. Visit [share.streamlit.io](https://share.streamlit.io)
3. Connect your repository
4. Add your Reddit API credentials in Streamlit secrets

### Heroku

1. Create a Heroku app:
```bash
heroku create your-app-name
```

2. Set environment variables:
```bash
heroku config:set REDDIT_CLIENT_ID=your_client_id
heroku config:set REDDIT_CLIENT_SECRET=your_client_secret
heroku config:set REDDIT_USER_AGENT=your_user_agent
```

3. Deploy:
```bash
git push heroku main
```

## 📝 Configuration

- `requirements.txt` - Project dependencies
- `.env` - Local environment variables
- `Procfile` - Heroku deployment configuration
- `runtime.txt` - Python runtime specification

## 🔒 Security

- Never commit your `.env` file or `.streamlit/secrets.toml`
- Use environment variables for sensitive data
- Keep your Reddit API credentials secure

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Commit your changes
4. Push to the branch
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 👏 Acknowledgments

- [PRAW Documentation](https://praw.readthedocs.io/)
- [Streamlit Documentation](https://docs.streamlit.io/)
- [Reddit API Documentation](https://www.reddit.com/dev/api/)

## 📧 Contact

Pakagrong Lebel - [@pakagronglb](https://twitter.com/pakagronglb)

Project Link: [https://github.com/pakagronglb/reddit-scraper](https://github.com/pakagronglb/reddit-scraper)

Commit message:

feat(docs): enhance comment extraction and hierarchy display (main)
- Updated README to clarify comment extraction with parent-child
  relationships.
- Adjusted main.py to capture and display parent-child relationships
  in comments when scraping posts.
- Added explanations and toggle options in the UI for better user
  understanding of comment hierarchies.

README.md, after:

# Reddit Data Scraper 📊

<img width="2047" alt="Screenshot 2025-03-13 at 06 54 43" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/67b6bc9c-958a-46f4-893f-e433ac3c939e" />

[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.9+-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org)
[![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-1.29.0-FF4B4B.svg)](https://streamlit.io)
[![PRAW](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRAW-7.7.1-orange.svg)](https://praw.readthedocs.io)
[![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-2.1.1-150458.svg)](https://pandas.pydata.org)

A powerful Reddit data scraping tool with a user-friendly Streamlit interface. Extract posts and comments from subreddits or specific posts with ease.

## 🚀 Features

- 📱 User-friendly web interface
- 🔍 Scrape posts from any subreddit
- 💬 Extract comments from specific posts with parent-child relationships
- 📊 Export data to CSV
- ⏱️ Time-based filtering
- 🔄 Caching for better performance

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Python** - Core programming language
- **Streamlit** - Web interface framework
- **PRAW** - Reddit API wrapper
- **Pandas** - Data manipulation and analysis
- **python-dotenv** - Environment variable management

## 📋 Prerequisites

- Python 3.9 or higher
- Reddit API credentials ([Get them here](https://www.reddit.com/prefs/apps))

## ⚙️ Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/pakagronglb/reddit-scraper.git
cd reddit-scraper
```

2. Create a virtual environment:
```bash
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
```

3. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

4. Set up environment variables:
Create a `.env` file in the project root:
```env
REDDIT_CLIENT_ID=your_client_id
REDDIT_CLIENT_SECRET=your_client_secret
REDDIT_USER_AGENT=your_user_agent
```

## 🚀 Usage

1. Start the application:
```bash
streamlit run main.py
```

2. Access the web interface at `http://localhost:8501`

3. Choose your scraping option:
   - **Subreddit Posts**: Enter subreddit name, post limit, and time filter
   - **Specific Post**: Enter the Reddit post URL

4. Click "Scrape" and download the results as CSV

### Comment Hierarchy

When scraping a specific post, the tool now captures parent-child relationships between comments:

- **Comment ID**: Unique identifier for each comment
- **Parent ID**: ID of the parent comment or submission
- **Is Top Level**: Indicates if the comment is a direct reply to the post (True) or a reply to another comment (False)

This allows you to reconstruct the full comment tree and understand the conversation flow. The downloaded CSV file will always include these relationship fields, even if they're hidden in the display view.

## 🌐 Deployment

### Streamlit Cloud

1. Push your code to GitHub
2. Visit [share.streamlit.io](https://share.streamlit.io)
3. Connect your repository
4. Add your Reddit API credentials in Streamlit secrets

### Heroku

1. Create a Heroku app:
```bash
heroku create your-app-name
```

2. Set environment variables:
```bash
heroku config:set REDDIT_CLIENT_ID=your_client_id
heroku config:set REDDIT_CLIENT_SECRET=your_client_secret
heroku config:set REDDIT_USER_AGENT=your_user_agent
```

3. Deploy:
```bash
git push heroku main
```

## 📝 Configuration

- `requirements.txt` - Project dependencies
- `.env` - Local environment variables
- `Procfile` - Heroku deployment configuration
- `runtime.txt` - Python runtime specification

## 🔒 Security

- Never commit your `.env` file or `.streamlit/secrets.toml`
- Use environment variables for sensitive data
- Keep your Reddit API credentials secure

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Commit your changes
4. Push to the branch
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 👏 Acknowledgments

- [PRAW Documentation](https://praw.readthedocs.io/)
- [Streamlit Documentation](https://docs.streamlit.io/)
- [Reddit API Documentation](https://www.reddit.com/dev/api/)

## 📧 Contact

Pakagrong Lebel - [@pakagronglb](https://twitter.com/pakagronglb)

Project Link: [https://github.com/pakagronglb/reddit-scraper](https://github.com/pakagronglb/reddit-scraper)
